What would be my above-ground biomass production per unit area?
What would be my crop yield at maturity?
How much yield would I be able to harvest by a certain harvest date?
What would be my harvest index by the time the crop matures?
What should be the optimum amount of irrigation applications?
What would be my total irrigation requirement by the end of the season?
What would be the total precipitation amount during the growing season?
What would be the total evapotranspiration amount during the growing season?
What will be the amount of water surface runoff by the end of the season?
What will be the amount of water drained during the growing season?
What would be the amount of water available in the soil profile for crop use at the time of crop maturity?
How many times would I need to apply nitrogen-fertilizer by the end of the cropping season?
What would be the required amount of nitrogen-fertilizer to apply during the growing season? 
How much nitrogen would be fixed by the crop by the end of the cropping season?
How much nitrogen would my crop absorb by the end of the cropping season?
How much nitrogen was lost due to leaching during the cropping season?
How much inorganic nitrogen would remain present in the soil by the time the crop matures?
How much Nitrous oxide would be emitted by the end of the cropping season?
How many times would I need to apply potassium-fertilizer by the end of the cropping season?
What would be the required amount of phosphorus-fertilizer to apply during the growing season? 
How much phosphorus would my crop absorb by the end of the cropping season?
How much phosphorus would remain present in the soil at the time of crop maturity?
How many times would I need to apply potassium-fertilizer?
What is the required amount of potassium-fertilizer  to be applied during the growing season? 
How much potassium would my crop absorb by the end of the cropping season?
How much potassium would remain present in the soil at the time of crop maturity?
How much crop residue I should apply or keep in the field?
How much carbon dioxyde would be emitted by the end of the cropping season?
What would be the dry matter-to-irrigation productivity value?
What would be the crop water productivity by the end of the cropping season?
How much yield can I produce per unit of irrigated area?
How much biomass could I produce per unit of Nitrogen fertilizer application?
How much yield could I produce per unit of Nitrogen fertilizer?
What would be the duration of the cropping season, from planting to harvest?
What would be the total precipitation by the end of the cropping season (from planting to harvest)?
What would be the total evapotranspiration by the end of the cropping season (from planting to harvest)?
When will my crop start flowering?
By which date would my crop mature?
When would I be able to harvest?